this is the way back now create it's
gonna be [ __ ] living out here
don't let your uncle or you cousin get
you into any kind of trouble I'm
beginning to like Rancho cooking
daddy Craig's here are you looking good
won't you give your aunties sugar you
should you see how we live we live Bob
up your 5 pounds lighter we live rough
ooh I like it rough you got a
restraining order on a little girl named
baby nice house they expect you to
answer
yeah we got that Ricky Martin CD I love
him you're not related to the Jacksons
are you doing your head when you will
get you line cinema presents meet miss
help come on give some breakfast to my
dead homies I'm a g-man Ice Cube sauna
Carla pink colors Gus jungle fever si
mr. slicker clean fresh air just smoke
some days are better than others
daddy but nothing is better love Fridays
then next Friday but open up the wound I
like this